Fix spelling in `invalid-sequence-index` `details.rst` (#7038)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/data/messages/i/invalid-sequence-index/details.rst

> Be careful with ``[True]`` or ``[False]`` as sequence index, since ``True`` is represented as 1 and ``False`` as 0, so it will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful with ``[True]`` or ``[False]`` as sequence index, since ``True`` and  ``False``  will be respectively
be evaluated as ``1`` and ``0`` and will bring the second element of the list and the first without erroring.
```

> Be careful with ``[True]`` or ``[False]`` as sequence index, since ``True`` and ``False`` will be respectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful with ``[True]`` or ``[False]`` as sequence index, since ``True`` and ``False`` will respectively
```

Author: I missed that too :)
